Party left from Antioc to Grand library on "The Vile Axe", orcish war ship.
Met Cpt. Hobble. legless orc.

Saw sea monster (tarrasque) second day at sea. Attempted to chase towards 
Atlas. 

Arrived in Aquarius one day behind schedule.

Read books, got spiky armor, was given quest for orcish medicine.
Knows about expedition into the Deeps.

Left Aquarius next day for Irondale. 

Left Irondale for Cloud Orc village to the south.

Fought deadly mushrooms.

Chad left party.
Orc left note "We go that way ----> Come or me smash" 
Arrow points north.

After two days of travel the party gets to Eden's Trading post.

Party fights 4 Rust monsters. Received 10 sp

Party encounters an ogre, kills it. gains large great club + 50lb deer

Party encounter grig band and 5 large spiders, kills spiders saves 
grig band (rock on!!)

Party got masterwork shield(large wood), pot of tumble, pot of love, and pot of displacement. 

Entered Edgewood around noon.  

WTS Shield, deer meat, mushrooms.

Met crazed alchemist in Edgewood Tower. Got a lift to Cloud Orc Village.

Met Cloud orcs, got list of ingredients, 3 healing salves, and 2 alchemical bombs.

Met local farmer, have moved out of Irondale territory heading towards Land's End.

Sell warhammer to Joahnsberg armorer, Robert Joahns, for 150g.

Fought 2 hungry fog and horde of zombies. (lvl 5 chars)

Found Mastwork elven thinblade (longsword), mastwork leather armor, 
divine scroll (locate object), divine scroll (freedom of movement), arcane scroll(confusion),
pot of warp wood, pot of protection from chaos, pot of endure elements, pot of shield of faith, and pot of magic stone.
Also found 700g.

Recieved alchemist kit and book.

Killed two wights, gained 3 cure light wounds pot.
Find Arcane scroll ( wall of fire ), Masterwork banded mail, Pot of bless weapon, pot of Animate Rope, and Potion of Aid. 

Party finishes Van Hoathe instance.  Found books on necromancy, circle magic, and evil tome of circle magic.
Recieved pot of shrink item, pot of proc energy (fire), pot of resist fire, pot remove disease, and Elixer of tumbling.
Arcane scroll (Mage's private sanctum), and Arcane scroll (Planar Binding greater)
Find Handy Haversack.
Find 10050gp in gold and gems.

Marcus Joahnson and Hiedi meet the party after the dungeon.  

Writ for supplies, Letter of introduction to John Schnackenberg, and Letter to Alexander Van Hoathe.
From writ recieve one carriage and 2 horses. 

Party encounters group of Ex-edgehaven elves.  New elvish settlement under attack of goblin tribe. 
Left due to Masked Ones new policies on elvan population.  Party elected no to help.

Party makes it to Clayton, Sells horses and carrage.  Gets passage on Scurvy Crab.  

Party finds out about the Shikoba Nation that use to rule Xilxic.  
Professor Cuthberht Asvaldr(vanara) meets orc.  

Party meets Sherven Twobeard, cap't of Three Sheets, and Cianan Calvagh first mate. 
Party gets a request for Dusk Kamadan poison to the south.
Party takes a bounty job for Robert Thom, B&E and Petty Larsony.

Party finds out that Cletus Deon posted the bail for Rob Thom.  Are being tailed by the 
House of Greed(NPC Guild initiate).  Found Bar that is being used by house of greed. 
Party met Rodya Milan, black market fixer at the Broken Hag. 

Party was paid 1000g by the House of Greed to ignore Robert Thom.  

Party gets Masterwork light steel shield, Potion of Warped Wood, Divine scroll(Create Food/Water), 
+2 Leather Armor, +1 Shock Dark Wood Spear, Wand of Spider Climb and 21,000gp.

FAUST UNLEASHED!!

Gnome revived.  Inquisitor dead. 

2 days at sea.

Group made it to Xicxil, joined a caravan traveling to N'golunga with Major magical 
item.  Found Sakura, celestrial lamia, who agreed to help party get artifact.  Sent 
message to nomads in Great Desert.

Made it to the mountain pass.

Attacked by gnoll bandits and donkey.  Find Arcane Scrolls (Secret Page, Gentle Repose), Divine Scroll (Water Walk),
Potion (CMW), MW Heavy Steel Shield, and 2600gp.

Party meets Braga, Last King of Ko' Rau, Party finds the Amulet of Torag.  
Loots caravan and finds MW Bullets, MW Heavy Steel Shield, MW Quarterstaff, Buckler +1, Potion (Magic Weapon, Remove Curse,
Water Breathing, Bear's Endurance, Protection for Law), Arcane Scroll (Deep Slumber), Divine Scroll (Poison) and 7800gp.

Party fight 2 Aghash, Divs
Brian and Justin cursed by Div (-6 Cha)

Found Circle of Persuasion, Potion (Good Hope, Remove Poison), and 7800gp.

Braga told the party about 6 artifacts located around the world.  They can be found in Antioc, Tepochca, Fukuhashi, Irondale,
Edgehaven, and Ko' Rau.

Party made it to island south of Tepochca, fought their way through the pyramid and activated the first artifact.
Party recieved Staff of Bolstering, +1 Composite Longbow of Hunting and Endless Ammo, +2 Glorious Greatsword.  

Fought a party of gnolls, found 2 amulets of natural armor +1, +1 Breast plate, +1 falchion, pot of CLW, 
wand of clw, and cloak of resistance +2 and some money.

Party makes it to Irondale.

They meet the Sinclair clan, and are given a possible location of the author of the Fires of Dis books.
After getting an audience with the king, they manage to start up the next artifact.

Afterwards they are given an amulet that is the symbol for the old emperor of Ryujin.

pokemon487
pokemon500
pokemon503

RIP:
Hobogoblin Ranger Oktar
Oread Fighter Oret
Kitsune Rogue Thatos
Aasmar Inquisitor Aldbert Heinrich Sigmon Ingomar Von Konstantin III

